README.md, before:

# Register and Authentication SPA with Web Components and Lit

## Dile-App Laravel Sanctum Edition

This is a SPA (Single Page Application) built with Web Components and [Lit](https://lit.dev/) library. It offers all the authentication functionalities, like login, register, remember password and verify email accounts.

This repository only contains the frontend app. For provide the complete functionality uses a Laravel application as backend, a clean Laravel Project with Sanctum and Fortify installed and configured to work as an API.

## Laravel Breeze - Next.js Edition inspired

This app is inspired by the [Laravel Breeze](https://breezejs.com/) project.

The diference is that Laravel Breeze uses NextJS as framework and Dile-app don't uses any framework, only Web Components.

## Backend repository

This repository contains the backend Laravel application that serves as an API for this project.

<https://github.com/Polydile/laravel-backend-api-sanctum-y-fortify>

## Vite frontend tooling

This project uses [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) as frontend tooling.

To use Vite and start the local server:

1. Clone the repository
2. Run `npm install`
3. Run `npm run dev`

To build the project run `npm run build`

Commit message:

create enviroment variable backend url

README.md, after:

# Register and Authentication SPA with Web Components and Lit

## Dile-App Laravel Sanctum Edition

This is a SPA (Single Page Application) built with Web Components and [Lit](https://lit.dev/) library. It offers all the authentication functionalities, like login, register, remember password and verify email accounts.

This repository only contains the frontend app. For provide the complete functionality uses a Laravel application as backend, a clean Laravel Project with Sanctum and Fortify installed and configured to work as an API.

## Laravel Breeze - Next.js Edition inspired

This app is inspired by the [Laravel Breeze](https://breezejs.com/) project.

The diference is that Laravel Breeze uses NextJS as framework and Dile-app don't uses any framework, only Web Components.

## Backend repository

This repository contains the backend Laravel application that serves as an API for this project.

<https://github.com/Polydile/laravel-backend-api-sanctum-y-fortify>

## Vite frontend tooling

This project uses [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) as frontend tooling.

To use Vite and start the local server:

1. Clone the repository
2. Run `npm install`
3. Copy .env_example file to .env
4. Change the `VITE_BACKEND_URL` enviroment variable value, if needed, with the URL of your backend
5. Run `npm run dev`

To build the project run `npm run build`
